So in this section, we learned a lot of things we learned about navigation.
The need for us to navigate, for instance, from one screen to the next and how traditionally we used
to use just intents and start activity, which is fine.
But until we get to the point where we need something more complex.
So the solution in this case, we learn that there is these navigation components in Jetpack, which
allows us to use the tools and libraries for handling complex navigation cases in Android.
And so we also learned that navigation component has three major parts working together.
The first one is navigation graph.
Then we have nav hosts and host and the navigation controller.
So each part that we talked about of the navigation component, we learned how to look at it as a diagram,
as a hierarchy, if you will.
So we have navigation component, which has, in this case, nav controller and sat nav controller.
We will have enough host and nav host will have nav graph.
So the graph in this case, the nav controller is the central API that instructs navigation to happen.
For instance, it can say navigation that navigate and passing the route and do not host navigation
host.
This is where all the navigation graph items are hosted, so this is where everything is swapped out
the show.
Each composable destination or screen when users navigate to a new screen and the navigation graph,
as the name implies, is just a graph that holds all of the items all of the composable, all of the
screens.
But most importantly, also these nodes, because it's a graph.
They also carry more information about the navigation.
This is what we've learned in this section.
We use an example of a movie app where we have a list of courses and column using lazy column.
And when we when we click on each item list we're getting, we're taken using navigation component were
taken to a description screen.
OK.
Again, the nav graph just look at nav graph as screens, right?
The composable in this case that users can navigate through.
So I hope this section was helpful and I'll see you next time.